Add comments on the reproducibility of `HyperBandPruner` (#6018)
optuna/optuna: docs/source/faq.rst

    study = optuna.create_study(sampler=sampler)
    study.optimize(objective)

> To make the pruning by :class:`~optuna.pruners.HyperbandPruner` reproducible, you can specify ``study_name`` of :class:`~optuna.study.Study`.

Reviewer: [NITS]
```suggestion
To make the pruning by :class:`~optuna.pruners.HyperbandPruner` reproducible, please specify a fixed ``study_name`` of :class:`~optuna.study.Study` in addition to the ``seed`` argument.
```
The phrase "you can" may imply that specifying the option is optional. However, in this case, reproducibility is not guaranteed unless both the seed and the study_name are set. Therefore, I prefer a stronger expression.

Author: Thanks!
